Krakow ESEB Aug15-20 2005

Uppsala EuropeanSocEvolBiol

ESEB2009 call for symposia

Tuebingen ESEB2011 Aug20-25
CallSymposia

Lisbon ESEB2013 Aug19-24
CallSymposia

Lausanne ESEB Aug10-15
CallForProposals

ESEB2017 CallSymposia

ESEB 2015
Gender balance
https://wp.unil.ch/eseb2015/symposium-information/
As ESEB members will be aware, research shows clearly that gender bias in academia is usually not the result of intentional acts of exclusion, but rather the effect of more subtle mechanisms like implicit bias. Substantial concern has been raised about gender bias among invited speakers for symposia at previous ESEB meetings. The organizers of ESEB 2015 acknowledge this concern and wish to ensure that symposia selected for ESEB in Lausanne draw participants (both invited and those selected for inclusion when abstracts are reviewed) as broadly as possible to reflect the full research strengths of the fields represented. We were quite successful so far, since sex ratios among plenary speakers, as well as among those invited to symposiums, are equal. We have also encouraged symposium organizers to account for potential implicit biases when selecting among abstract submissions.

ESEB 2017
Gender balance
http://www.eseb2017.nl/programme/symposium-information-/
As ESEB members will be aware, research shows clearly that gender bias in academia is usually not the result of intentional acts of exclusion, but rather the effect of more subtle mechanisms like implicit bias. Substantial concern has been raised about gender bias among invited speakers for symposia at previous ESEB meetings, as women were twice as likely to decline a talk than men. The organizers of ESEB 2017 acknowledge this concern and wish to ensure that symposia selected for the meeting in Groningen draw participants (both invited and those selected for inclusion when abstracts are reviewed) as broadly as possible to reflect the full research strengths of the fields represented. We therefore encourage symposium organizers to account for potential implicit biases when selecting among abstract submissions. To increase the attendance of women at the ESEB congress, there is a possibility to apply for a Congress Attendance Aid Grant, which is a stipend for female scientists to contribute to the additional costs borne privately due to responsibilities for dependents when attending the congress. For further information see: http://bit.ly/2fDklsn. 

